Example: * Going Camping
Description: A small game where you have to carry all the items in the room in order to win.


The example includes three bulky items (a tent, a sleeping bag and an inflated raft), some matches that are so small they are not dropped when a bulky item is picked up and a backpack that can be worn so it won't be dropped. Bulky items can't be inserted into the backpack. Note that the inflated raft is a container that can hold bulky things, so the player can pick up the raft regardless of how many bulky items it holds.


	{*}"Going Camping"

	Include Bulky Items by Juhana Leinonen

	Garage is a room. "This is the garage where you keep your wandering gear."

	The tent is in the garage. It is bulky.
	The sleeping bag is in the garage. It is bulky.
	The map is in the garage.
	The compass is in the garage.
	The matches are in the garage. They are plural-named and insubstantial.

	Report taking the matches:
		say "You put the matches in your pocket." instead.

	A backpack is in the garage. It is a wearable container.

	After taking the backpack: try wearing the backpack.
	After taking off the backpack: try dropping the backpack.

	Instead of inserting something bulky into the backpack:
		say "[The noun] is just too big to fit inside the backpack."


	An deflated raft is in the garage. The description is "It's a self-inflating raft: Just push the button on its side to fill it with air."

	The button is a part of the deflated raft. The description is "It's a button reading 'push to inflate'".

	Instead of pushing the button:
		if the deflated raft is in the backpack:
			say "The backpack would probably explode if you inflated the raft inside it.";
		otherwise:
			say "The mechanism starts to emit a hissing sound and the raft is soon fully inflated.";
			remove the deflated raft from play;
			now the inflated raft is in the garage.
			
	The inflated raft is a bulky container.

	When play begins:
		say "Almost ready to go camping - all you need to do now is to pick up your gear from the garage."

	Before going or exiting:
		say "You can't leave until you are carrying with you everything you need!";
		stop the action.

	Every turn when the number of portable things in the garage is 1: [the player counts as one]
		say "Having everything you need for the camping trip with you, you're ready to set off!";
		end the story finally.
	
	Before inserting something into when the player is not carrying the noun:
		say "(first taking [the noun])[command clarification break]";
		silently try taking the noun.


	Test me with "get all/i/get tent/i/put map in backpack/push button/put tent in raft/put sleeping bag in raft/put compass in backpack/get backpack/get raft".


