Example: ** Introductions
Description: A system whereby both things and rooms can be given an "introduction", a tag line of text that is added the first time the player sees them in the room description if they are the main topic of a paragraph, or as an addendum to the object's description the first time it's examined. Introduction text can also be reviewed by the player with a THINK ABOUT command.

	{*}"Introductions"

	Include Tailored Room Description by Emily Short.

	Section 1 - The Rules

	A thing has some text called the introduction. The introduction of a thing is usually "".
	A room has some text called the introduction. The introduction of a room is usually "".

	Rule for writing a paragraph about an as-yet-unknown introduceable thing (called special-target):
		carry out the writing a topic sentence about activity with the special-target;
		introduce the special-target;
		say paragraph break.

	After examining an as-yet-unknown introduceable thing (called special-target):
		introduce the special-target;
		say paragraph break.

	To introduce (special-target - an object):
		now the special-target is introduced;
		say "[introduction of the special-target]".

	Definition: a thing is introduceable unless its introduction is "".
	Definition: a room is introduceable unless its introduction is "".

	A thing can be as-yet-unknown or introduced. A thing is usually as-yet-unknown.
	A room can be as-yet-unknown or introduced. A room is usually as-yet-unknown.

	The first time looking rule is listed after new object description rule in the carry out looking rules.

	This is the first time looking rule:
		if location is introduceable and the location is as-yet-unknown
		begin;
			introduce the location;
			say paragraph break;
		end if.

	A description-concealing rule:
		now every thing which is held by an as-yet-unknown introduceable person is not marked for listing.

	Understand "think about [any introduceable introduced thing]" or "remember [any introduceable introduced thing]" as thinking about. Understand the commands "recall" or "consider" or "recollect" or "ponder" or "contemplate" as "remember".

	Thinking about is an action applying to one visible thing.

	Carry out thinking about:
		introduce the noun;
		say paragraph break.

	Section 2 - The Scenario

	The Maremma Breeding Ground is a room.

	Logar is an animal in Maremma Breeding Ground. "Logar stands here, waiting for instructions."
		The description is "A nine-month puppy, Logar is nonetheless a pretty sizable dog already."
		The introduction is "He's your latest acquisition in a large collection of work dogs."

	Logar carries a bone.
		The description of the bone is "Pretty well chewed already."
		The introduction of the bone is "That bone came out of a leg of lamb, but there's not much left on it."

	Test me with "z / look / x logar / think about logar / x bone".

