Example: * Clutter
Description: Illustrating the basic functionality, grouping of objects, and some nicer output for non-standard results.

We can use the grouping together activity when printing consolidated objects just as we can when listing contents, as illustrated with the Scrabble pieces below. We can also add a new rule for announcing a multiple occurrence to vary the reporting of failed and noteworthy results.

	{*}"Clutter"
	
	Include Consolidated Multiple Actions by John Clemens.
	
	The Cluttered Office is a room.
	
	The trash can is an open fixed in place container in the cluttered office.
	A desk is here. It is fixed in place. A glass and a plate are on the desk.
	Report taking the glass: say "You carefully pick up the glass."; rule succeeds.
	A cat is here. After taking the cat, say "The cat struggles, but you manage to pick it up."
	The hot potato is here. Instead of taking the hot potato: indicate noteworthy consolidation; say "You burn your hand on the potato, and let go immediately."
	
	Some flowers are here.
	
	Bob is a man in the cluttered office. Persuasion rule: persuasion succeeds.
	
	A book is a kind of thing. 5 books are in the cluttered office.
	
	A Scrabble piece is a kind of thing. The X, the Y and the Z are Scrabble pieces in the cluttered office.
	Before printing consolidated objects: group Scrabble pieces together.
	Before listing contents: group Scrabble pieces together.
	Before printing the name of a Scrabble piece while not grouping together, say "tile ". After printing the name of a Scrabble piece while not grouping together, say " from a Scrabble set".
	Before grouping together Scrabble pieces, say "the tiles ". After grouping together Scrabble pieces while not printing consolidated objects, say " from a Scrabble set".
	
	Rule for announcing a multiple occurrence of something (called object in question) when taking or removing:
		if the number of multiple actions so far this turn is greater than 1, say conditional paragraph break;
		if the object in question is not listed in the noteworthy objects list:
			if number of multiple actions so far this turn is:
				-- 1: say "You are unable to take";
				-- 2: say "Nor can you take";
				-- 3: say "You also fail to obtain";
				-- otherwise: say "And";
			say " [the object in question]: [run paragraph on]".
	
	Test me with "take all / drop all / Bob, take glass and plate / Bob, put them on the desk / remove all from desk/ put them in trash can / take glass / drop glass / take glass and plate / drop them / take flowers / drop them".

