Example: ** Alchemy
Description: A demo game showing use of these basic actions.

	{*}"Alchemy" by Nate Cull

	[This is a demo game for Planner.]

	The release number is 2.
	The story creation year is 2006.
	The story headline is "An Interactive Demonstration"

	Include Basic Plans by Nate Cull.

	The Laboratory is a room. The description of the Laboratory is "A chaos of glassware, dark sigils, spellcasting apparatus sprawled in disgusting confusion -- in other words, a perfectly normal research lab. A stone archway leads east and another south."

	The Library is east of the Laboratory. The description of the Library is "The stony walls are racked with square miles of parchment volumes."

	A curiously carved table is a supporter in the Library.

	A rosewood bench is a supporter in the laboratory. "A rosewood bench, scarred and burned by years of incantations, fills half of the room."

	An iron crucible is an open container on the rosewood bench. "Bob's crucible bubbles merrily on the bench."

	A cupboard is a closed openable container in the laboratory. "A cupboard of great antiquity quietly blends into the corner shadows."

	A plastic bag is a closed transparent portable openable container on the carved table.

	A Chinese puzzle box is a locked lockable closed openable portable container in the plastic bag.

	A pinch of ginger is a portable thing in the puzzle box.

	A wicker basket is an open container in the cupboard.

	An onion, a tomato, a stick of celery, a lemon and a banana are in the wicker basket.

	Broth is a thing.

	The basic putting things in containers rule does nothing when the desired relation is being-in and the desired param1 is broth and the desired param2 is the crucible.

	Planning when the desired relation is being-in and the desired param1 is broth and the desired param2 is the crucible:
		plan 1;
		suggest being-in with the onion and the crucible;
		suggest being-in with the celery and the crucible;
		suggest being-in with the banana and the crucible;
		suggest being-in with the ginger and the crucible;

	To decide whether soup is brewing:
		if the onion is not in the crucible, decide no;
		if the celery is not in the crucible, decide no;
		if the banana is not in the crucible, decide no;
		if the ginger is not in the crucible, decide no;
		decide yes;


	Every turn when soup is brewing:
		if the crucible is visible, say "The crucible simmers; the contents meld into a rich pungent vegetable broth.";
		repeat with item running through things in the crucible begin;
			now item is nowhere;
		end repeat;
	now broth is in the crucible;

	The Alcove is a room.

	The Alcove is south of the Laboratory. The description of the Alcove is "A tiny niche carved out of the stone, which opens out to the north."

	A brass hook is a supporter in the Alcove. "Screwed into the stonework with grim determination is a shiny brass hook." The brass hook has carrying capacity 1.

	A silver key is on the brass hook. The matching key of the Chinese puzzle box is the silver key.



	Bob is a person in the laboratory. "The mighty wizard Bob potters around his domain."

	The description of Bob is "Bob is carrying [if bob carries anything][list of things carried by bob][otherwise]nothing[end if]."

	The basic dropping objects in rooms rule does nothing when the desired relation is being-in and the desired param1 is a person.

	Every turn:
		have Bob plan an action for being-in with broth and the crucible;

	Rule for deciding the concealed possessions of Bob:
		decide no;



