Example: * Marzipan Sea
Description: Several objects with introductions and segues flowing together.

	{*}"Marzipan Sea"

	Include Introductions by Emily Short. Include Ordinary Room Description by Emily Short.

	Pipe Crossing is a room.  "This is a meeting of several pipes: one leads abruptly down and to the north, while gently upward-sloping pipes lead southeast and southwest. A cold and murky white liquid flows from both southern pipes into the northern one."

	The introduction of Pipe Crossing is "There is a strange smell of almonds here."

	Instead of smelling Pipe Crossing:
		say "Definitely almonds, sweet and bitter at once."

	The licorice gum drop is in Pipe Crossing.
		The introduction is "[A licorice gum drop] has been caught by one of the seams of metal, doubtless the only reason it has not been swept away by the current." [This will be printed on first viewing.]
		The initial appearance is "The licorice gum drop is still lodged in place." [This will be printed on subsequent viewings, until the player moves the gum drop.]
	
	The walnut shell boat is a vehicle in Pipe Crossing.
		The introduction is "A hollowed walnut shell, just large enough for you to ride inside, spins in an eddy of the current."
		The initial appearance is "The walnut shell bobs on the surface of the water, ready for you to ride."
	
	The paper is in Pipe Crossing. "A bit of paper bobs on the waves." [this is also an initial appearance, to be printed after the introduction.]
		The introduction is "Some paper bobs on the surface of the water, reminding you of a small boat." [this is the introduction of the paper, but it will not actually appear, because we have a segue (below) from the walnut boat which completely overrides this introduction.]

	Table of Segues (continued)
	first	second	segue
	licorice gum drop	walnut boat	"The gum drop is not the only bit of detritus from above, either. "
	walnut boat	paper	"[override intro for paper]Swirling into the same vortex is a small bit of paper. "

	Test me with "look".

