Example: ** Manor House 2
Description: Customizing distance visibility rules and refusal messages

	{*}"Manor House 2"
	
	Include Distantly Visible Things by Marc Von Der Heiden.
	
	End of Street is a room. "The road ends at the old manor house which dominates the landscape. The estate is surrounded by a metal fence, but right here a gate opens up to the north onto the property."
	The gate is a scenery thing in End of street. The description is "Nicely ornamented, with the former owner's family crest at the top.". Understand "fence" and "crest" as the gate. The gate is distantly visible from the huge estate.
	The cobblestone is a thing in End of street. Understand "stone" as the cobblestone. The initial appearance is "A single cobblestone lies on the side of the road.".

	The huge estate is north of End of street. "You are standing on a lawn which would make every gardener happy. The manor house, three storeys tall, stands proudly in front of you. There's a fence around the lawn but a gate to the south leads to the street. You can go around the house to enter a back garden to the north."
	The mansion is a scenery thing in the huge estate. Understand "manor" or "house" or "building" as the mansion. The description of the mansion is "From up close, the number of cracks in the masonry make the deterioration of the building more than obvious.". The mansion is distantly visible from End of street and the back garden.

	The back garden is north of the huge estate. "You are standing in a small garden north of the house. Most of the view is blocked by a maze of tall hedges, but a small path leads back to the front side of the house.". The goose feather is a thing in the back garden.

	The distant description of the mansion is "A beautiful building that dates back to the Victorian era.".
	Distance Visibility rule for Examining the mansion in the back garden: allow action.

	After printing a refusal for distantly handling the mansion when the huge estate is not visited, say "(although you'd really like to, you are somehow hesistant, because you were raised to respect private property)[paragraph break]".
	Rule for printing a refusal for distantly handling the gate: say "Actually you are standing in the middle of the huge lawn and the gate is some good 100 yards away!".

	Distance visibility rule for Throwing something at the mansion: allow action.
	Distance visibility rule for Throwing something at the mansion in end of street:
		say "You're too far away to hit the house from here.";
		deny action.
	Instead of Throwing the cobblestone at the mansion:
		now the cobblestone is off-stage;
		say "You hurl the stone in the direction of the house and hear some glass shatter.".

	test me with "x house / enter house / take stone / throw stone at house / n / close gate / x house / n / x house / get feather / throw feather at house / throw stone at house"
	
We use the Printing a refusal to distantly handling activity and the Distance visibility rules to customize the behavior of distantly visible things. See how differently the throwing it at action behaves in this example: only one situation (throwing something at the mansion when in end of street) is blocked by a Distance visibility rule, the rest is delivered back to the usual action processing, thus being handled in an Instead rule or by the built-in block throwing at rule.

