Example: * Which of These Things Is Not Like the Others?
Description: Arranging items in room descriptions so that the most unusual objects are always at the back of the list.

A common descriptive strategy in listing numerous objects is to save the most astonishing or interesting items for last. In this example, we arrange it so that the most peculiar items in a room are always included at the end of the list, no matter in what order they have been taken or dropped.

	{*}"Which of These Things is Not Like the Others?"

	Include Complex Listing by Emily Short.

	Use the serial comma.

	Rule for writing a paragraph about something:
		prepare a list of the unmentioned other things in the location;
		set off the odd things;
		say "[We] [can] see here [a prepared list]."
		
	Definition: a thing is other if it is not the player.
	
	To set off the odd things:
		repeat through the Table of Scored Listing:
			if the output entry is at home, now the assigned score entry is 0;
			otherwise now the assigned score entry is 1;
			if the output entry is the skull, now the assigned score entry is 10.

	Definition: a thing is at home if the location of it suits it. Definition: a thing is astonishing if it is not at home.

	Suitability relates one room to various things. The verb to suit (it suits, they suit, it suited, it is suited) implies the suitability relation.

	The Schoolroom is a room. The pencil, the paper, the eraser, and the clipboard are things in the Schoolroom. The Schoolroom suits the pencil, the paper, the eraser, the clipboard, and the social studies textbook.

	The social studies textbook is in the Hall. The Hall is west of the Schoolroom. The poster of the principal is in the Hall. The Hall suits the poster and the discarded pass.

	The Cafeteria is west of the Hall. The lunch tray, the carton of chocolate milk, and the discarded pass are in the Cafeteria. The Cafeteria suits the tray and the milk.

	The polished skull is in the Cafeteria.

	Test me with "get all / w / drop all / look / get all / w / drop all / look".

