Example: ** City and Neighborhood
Description: A more complex example on using Atmospheric Effects on rooms and regions, with regions contained in other regions.

	{*}"City and Neighborhood"

	Include Version 6 of Atmospheric Effects by Mikael Segercrantz.

	Tower Street North is a room. Tower Street South is a room. Tower Street Middle is a room.
	Tower Street North is north of Tower Street Middle.
	Tower Street Middle is north of Tower Street South.
	The Tower Neighborhood is a region. Tower Street North, Tower Street South and Tower Street Middle are in the Tower Neighborhood.

	Main Street West is a room. Main Street Middle is a room. Main Street East is a room.
	Main Street West is west of Main Street Middle.
	Main Street Middle is west of Main Street East.
	The Main Neighborhood is a region. Main Street West, Main Street East and Main Street Middle are in the Main Neighborhood.

	Madden Park is a room.
	Madden Park is east of Main Street East.
	Madden Park is west of Tower Street Middle.

	The City is a region. Madden Park, the Main Neighborhood and the Tower Neighborhood are in the City.

	The player is in Main Street West.

	Table of Atmospheric Definition (continued)
	loci			ignoring		subtable
	Madden Park		ignore		Table of Madden Park Definition
	Tower Neighborhood	ignore		Table of Tower Neighborhood Definition
	City			do not ignore	Table of City Definition

	Table of Madden Park Definition
	during	initch	latch	aftcnt		curcnt		sctype	runtype		frtype		igtype		subtable
	a scene	100	0	a number	a number	random	run forever	a further type	an ignoring type	Table of Park Sounds

	Table of Park Sounds
	used		message
	a number	"Birds chirp off in the trees."
	--		"The fountain unleashes a gush of water."
	--		"A man sitting atop a lawn-mover is taking care of the grass."

	Table of Tower Neighborhood Definition
	during	initch	latch	aftcnt		curcnt		sctype	runtype		frtype		igtype		subtable
	a scene	100	0	a number	a number	ordered	run forever	a further type	an ignoring type	Table of Tower Neighborhood Sounds

	Table of Tower Neighborhood Sounds
	used		message
	a number	"You hear nothing but the peace and quiet of the Tower Neighborhood."
	--		"Some small children run towards Madden Park."
	--		"The neighborhood is quiet, and peace prevails."
	--		"Some children enter the neighborhood from the park nearby."

	Table of City Definition
	during	initch	latch		aftcnt		curcnt		sctype		runtype		frtype		igtype		subtable
	a scene	75	a number	a number	a number	fully random	run forever	a further type	an ignoring type		Table of City Noise

	Table of City Noise
	used		message
	a number	"Many cars pass by, making for a loud noise level."
	--		"A car screeches to a halt as a pedestrian carelessly walks onto the street."
	--		"Sires can be heard in the distance, coming your way."

