Example: * A Happening
Description: A more confusing example testing the more complex Glulx reporting capabilities.

	{*}"A Happening"

	Include Remembering by Aaron Reed.
	
	A room called Southwest Corner is south of a room called Northwest Corner. A room called Northeast Corner is east of Northwest Corner and north of Southeast Corner. Southeast Corner is east of Southwest Corner.
	
	Alice and Diana are women in Northwest Corner. Bob, Carl, and Earl are men in Southeast Corner. The pedestal is a fixed in place supporter in Northwest Corner. On the pedestal is an open transparent container called the glass bowl. The miniature train is an enterable vehicle in Southeast Corner. A birdcage, a jar of marmalade, and a mitten are in Northeast Corner. The birdcage is an openable closed transparent container. In the birdcage is a rosary. A weather vane, a jar of peanut butter, and a croquet mallet are in Southwest Corner.
	
	Every turn:
		repeat with char running through people who are not the player:
			let decision be a random number between 1 and 3;
			if decision is 1:
				let item be a random portable thing enclosed by location of char;
				if item is a thing and char can see item:
					if item is openable and item is closed and a random chance of 2 in 3 succeeds:
						try char opening item;
					otherwise if item is openable and item is open and a random chance of 2 in 3 succeeds:
						try char closing item;
					try char taking item;
				otherwise:
					now decision is 2;
			if decision is 2:
				let item be a random thing held by char;
				if item is a thing:
					let resting place be a random supporter enclosed by location of char;
					if resting place is a supporter and char can see resting place:
						try char putting item on resting place;
					otherwise:
						now resting place is a random open container enclosed by location of char;
						if resting place is a container and char can see resting place:
							try char inserting item into resting place;
						otherwise:
							try char dropping item;
				otherwise:
					now decision is 3;
			if decision is 3:
				if char is not enclosed by a vehicle and char can see a vehicle (called conveyance) which does not enclose a person who is not the player:
					try char entering conveyance;
				otherwise if char is enclosed by a vehicle and a random chance of 1 in 2 succeeds:
					try char exiting;
				let current space be location of char;
				let next space be a random room which is adjacent to current space;
				let way be best route from current space to next space;
				try char going way.
				
	Test me with "n / z / e / z / s / z / w / x bowl / x marmalade / x mitten / x bob / x rosary / x diana"
	
