Example: ** The Detective
Description: Driving around the city in a car

	{*}Include Regional Travel by Juhana Leinonen.
	
	Chapter Setup
	
	Understand "drive to [any room]" as traveling regionally to.
	Understand "drive to [text]" as a mistake ("That's not a place you could drive to.").
	
	The can only travel to visited rooms rule response (A) is "That's not a place you could drive to."
	
	A room can be known or unknown. A room is usually unknown.
	
	The can only travel to visited rooms rule is not listed in any rulebook.
	
	Check traveling regionally to an unknown room (this is the can travel to unvisited but known rooms rule):
		say "That's not a place you can drive to."
	
	Check traveling regionally to when the player is not in a vehicle (this is the can only travel in a vehicle rule):
		say "You need to be in a car before you can drive anywhere." instead.
	
	Before traveling regionally to when the player is not in a vehicle and the player can see a vehicle (called the transportation method):
		say "(first entering [the transportation method])[command clarification break]";
		silently try entering the transportation method.
	
	Does the player mean traveling regionally to a known room: it is very likely.
	
	The car is a vehicle.
	
	A road is a kind of room.
	
	Check going when the player is in a vehicle:
		if the room noun of the location is a room and the room noun of the location is not a road:
			say "You can't drive there!" instead.
	
	Chapter Setting
	
	The Mansion is a room. Rule for printing the name of the mansion while asking which do you mean: say "inside the mansion". Understand "inside" as the mansion.
	
	A body is in the mansion. The description is "The corpse is clutching something in its hand."
	
	The hand is a part of the body. The description is "[if the business card is in the hand]There's a business card in the victim's hand.[otherwise]There's nothing there anymore.[end if]"
	
	The business card is in the hand. The description is "'Bob's Auto Repairs and Garage.'"
	
	After examining the business card:
		now Bob's Garage is known.
	
	The Mansion driveway is a road. It is outside of the mansion.
	
	The car is a vehicle in the mansion driveway.
	
	The murder scene is a region. The mansion and mansion driveway is in the murder scene.
	The travel entry point of the murder scene is the mansion driveway.
	
	Bob's Garage is a room. Understand "bob" and "auto" and "repairs" and "and" as Bob's Garage.
	
	Entrance to Garage is a road. It is outside of Bob's Garage.
	
	Maple Street is a road. "Bob's Auto Repairs and Garage is to the south."
	Maple Street is north of Bob's Garage.
	
	The garage area is a region. Bob's Garage, Maple Street, and Entrance to Garage are in the garage area.
	The travel entry point of the garage area is the Maple Street.
	
	Test me with "x body/x hand/read card/drive to bob's garage/out/drive to bob's garage/s/out/in".
	



