Example: ** Around the Pond
Description: A more complex example

Pond rooms will have titles like "South of the Pond", which confuses Inform 7.  We have four rooms which should be called the
same name when printed in ordinary sentences, which also confuses Inform 7.  Accordingly they're privately-named and we handle
names manually.

	{*}"Around the Pond"

	The story author is "Nathanael Nerode".
	The release number is 2.
	Include Undo Output Control by Nathanael Nerode.
	Include Title Case for Headings by Nathanael Nerode.
	
	After deciding the scope of an object (called character):
		Place the location of the character in scope, but not its contents.

	A pond room is a kind of room.
	A pond room is always privately-named.
	A pond room is always improper-named.
	The printed name of a pond room is usually "grassy verge".

	A pond room has some text called title.

	Pond-Center is a pond room.
	The printed name of Pond-Center is "pond".
	The title of Pond-Center is "The Pond".
	The description of Pond-Center is "The pond is still and calm.".
	Understand "pond" as Pond-Center.
	Instead of going to Pond-Center, say "[We]['re] not dressed for swimming."

	After deciding the scope of an object (called character):
		if the location of the character is a pond room:
			Place Pond-Center in scope, but not its contents.

	Pond-N, Pond-S, Pond-E, and Pond-W are pond rooms.
	The title of Pond-N is "North of the Pond".
	The title of Pond-S is "South of the Pond".
	The title of Pond-E is "East of the Pond".
	The title of Pond-W is "West of the Pond".

	The description of Pond-N is "This is the grassy verge north of the pond."
	The description of Pond-S is "This is the grassy verge south of the pond."
	The description of Pond-E is "This is the grassy verge east of the pond."
	The description of Pond-W is "This is the grassy verge west of the pond."

	Understand "verge","grassy verge", "grassy", and "grass" as Pond-N.
	Understand "verge","grassy verge", "grassy", and "grass" as Pond-S.
	Understand "verge","grassy verge", "grassy", and "grass" as Pond-E.
	Understand "verge","grassy verge", "grassy", and "grass" as Pond-W.

	Pond-N is northeast of Pond-W.
	Pond-S is southeast of Pond-W.
	Pond-N is northwest of Pond-E.
	Pond-S is southwest of Pond-E.

	Pond-N is north of the Pond-Center.
	Pond-S is south of the Pond-Center.
	Pond-E is east of the Pond-Center.
	Pond-W is west of the Pond-Center.
	
	The player is in Pond-N.
	
	test descriptions with "x verge / x pond / take grass / take pond"
	
