Example: * Sword Talk
Description: Allowing a response to "ask smith about swords" while blocking any other attempt to ask about multiple things.

	{*}"Sword Talk" by Björn Paulsen with modifications by Matt Weiner
	
	Include Actions on Groups by Matt Weiner.
	
	Section 1 - Swords and the Ideal Sword
	
	A sword is a kind of thing.
	
	Understand "blade/edge/sword" as "[blade]".
	Understand "[blade]" as sword.
	
	Definition: a thing is perfect if it is nowhere.
	
	The ideal sword is a sword.
	Understand "blades/edges" as the ideal sword.
	
	Section 2 - Quizzing
	
	Understand the command "ask" as something new.
	
	Quizzing it about is an action applying to one thing and one visible thing.
	Understand "ask [someone] about [things]" as quizzing it about.
	
	Does the player mean quizzing about a perfect thing: it is very likely.
	
	To decide what action name is the action-to-be: (- action_to_be -).
	After deciding the scope of the player when the action-to-be is the quizzing it about action:
		repeat with item running through things:
			place item in scope.
	
	Section 3 - Setting Action on Groups for Quizzing
	
	Quizzing is groupable action.
	Quizzing is group-only action.
	
	Action on groups for quizzing when dealing with the list of swords:
		clear the multiple object list;
		try quizzing the noun about the ideal sword.
		
	The can't use undesignated groups rule response (A) is "'Sorry, one question at a time!'"
	
	Section 4 - Scenario
	
	The swordsmith is a man. "The swordsmith wears a button that reads 'ASK me ABOUT swords, or about a particular sword!'" Understand "smith" as the swordsmith. The swordsmith wears a button. The description of the button is "'ASK me ABOUT swords, or about a particular sword!'"
	
	The rakish fop is a man. The fop holds a sword called the wicked needle.
	The dolorous monk is a man. The monk carries a sword called the keen instrument of DEATH.
	
	After quizzing the swordsmith about the ideal sword, say "'Yes, swords are the best!'"
	After quizzing the swordsmith about a sword (called blade), say "'Hmm, [the blade]... not my best work, to be honest.'"
	
	The forge is a room. All men are here. The player is the monk.
	
	Test me with "ask smith about sword/ask smith about my sword/ask smith about swords/ask smith about needle and instrument".
	
