Example: * Simple Cave with Secret Door and Lever
Description: This defines a simple two-room example similar to the above.

	{*}"Secret Cave Passage" by Gavin Lambert

	Include Secret Doors by Gavin Lambert.

	Big Cave is a room. "You're not sure how you ended up here, but you're surrounded on all sides by slightly damp rock.  Fortunately the walls seem to contain faintly glowing moss, so there's enough light to see by."
	The faintly glowing moss is scenery in the Big Cave.  "It glows just barely enough to make out your surroundings."

	Secret Passage is a room. "For being so close to a cave, this passage is surprisingly well built and is lit by standard electrical bulbs.  Unfortunately it also appears to be blocked by rubble not too far from the entrance; you can't seem to proceed any further."
	The rubble is scenery in the Secret Passage.  "It looks completely impassable."

	The passage door is an unopenable secret door.  "It's fairly unassuming.  You'd never have known it was there until it opened."
	It is west of the Big Cave and east of the Secret Passage.

	The hidden lever is a secret switch in the Big Cave.  "Nestled almost invisibly between two rocks in the cave wall.  [if the passage door is revealed]It has been pulled downwards.[otherwise]It points invitingly upwards.[end if]"

	The cave wall is scenery in the Big Cave.  "Nothing else more interesting presents itself.  Just more glowing moss."
	Understand "damp rock" or "rock" as the cave wall.

	Instead of going nowhere from the Big Cave:
		say "The cave walls seem completely intact in that direction."

	Instead of searching or examining the cave wall for the first time:
		now the lever is revealed;
		say "As you examine the cave wall, in a gap between two rocks you discover a lever."
		
	Instead of pulling or pushing the revealed lever:
		if the passage door is revealed:
			say "You don't have any desire to close the passage again.";
		otherwise:
			now the passage door is revealed;
			now the passage door is open;
			say "A secret door opens with a rumble, revealing a secret passage in the west wall!"

	Test me with "w / open door / pull lever / x wall / x lever / pull lever / x lever / w"

